Misc cleanup (#2569)
raspberrypi/pico-sdk: test/hardware_sync_spin_lock_test/CMakeLists.txt

if (NOT TARGET pico_multicore)

> 	message("Skipping pico_float_test as pico_multicore is unavailable on this platform")

Reviewer: Typo?
```suggestion
	message("Skipping hardware_sync_spin_lock_test as pico_multicore is unavailable on this platform")
```
